The Joe Rogan.
Experience.
I think where you and I agree is that law and order needs to be re-established.
And one of the reasons why I think that it needs to be reestablished is if
there's a fire of consciousness and this fire is you're allowed to
loot and smash and steal, and people are doing that now.
And I don't think they're doing it in the memory of George Floyd.
And I think you've got to put that fire out because once you allow people to do
it, like the Blasio did in New York city and forced the police to stand back,
people know they can get away with it. I've seen some horrific things,
people running over people with cars and smashing into buildings.
And it's madness. When madness happens, you have to crack down,
you have to do something about it.
That's where I support whether it's the national guard or if the police have the
resources, use the police, but something has to be done.
When you're saying like president Trump, deescalating on television,
that is not going to do a thing about those kids, smashing windows.
It's not going to change their attitude. They're not watching the news.
They're not paying attention. They know they have a very simplistic perspective.
George Floyd, this is bad. Black lives matter. Chaos. Smashed that window.
Take that. They're not going to say, Hey, you know, when Trump got on his knees,
I was going to Luke Gucci, but I'm not going to do that anymore.
He did not think like that. There's, there's both fake on both sides,
but he's got to do something to stop the fire.
You got to put that fire out then deescalate.
But first the fire has to stop because there's a,
it's an obvious mob mentality thing because no one's ever seen this before.
No one's ever, there was a Santa Monica was a guy running around with a gun,
pointing it at people. People were driving into people and knocking them over.
It's crazy. It's not something that anyone expected seven days ago.
And it is a sign of like a breakdown of a society like there's storm.
There's no doubt.
And despair from three months of not working is unprecedented.
You've never had a time where through no fault of your own, you are broke.
You can't pay for food. You can't pay your mortgage.
You can't pay your rent and you're and there's no jobs to be had.
It's not like there's anything.
These kids can go out and do to better their position,
the amount of jobs that existed just three months ago,
it's trustingly reduced.
So there are opportunities which are already slim to none have w you know,
we're talking about people getting out of college in 2020,
that how bad their economic opportunities are before all this.
And how much,
how about if you're coming out of high school and aren't going to go to college.
I mean, most, most people don't go to college. Right? And so my,
my only, my only point is that the military is not a solution for that.
That's the solution though. Well,
the solution is to actually do something about the material condition
ultimately.
But right now there's a solution about the fire. How do you put out the fire?
Because there's a fire.
When these people are smashing windows all down fifth avenue, that's a fire.
I think where we view it differently is that in my view, the tactics,
the aggressive tactics that the police have used have only made that worse
because they, right. And so my view is if you bring in the military,
first of all, I find it. I find all of,
I think we are getting far too comfortable,
and this is partly part of the perfect storm with the pandemic.
Like we've become very comfortable with all these extreme limitations on our
actions, behavior, wearing the masks in public,
which creates a level of anonymity. Like all of that goes into this. So when,
when we have a curfew imposed of 1:00 PM or 5:00 PM or 6:00 PM,
we're just good to go with that.
But that should be taken in and of itself very seriously as an infringement on
first amendment rights.
So my point is that if you bring in the military,
it is frightening in terms of our liberties,
our ability to protest our first amendment rights,
which are incredibly important.
And I think ultimately only leads to additional violence.
Yeah. Well, I think we're going around in circles here,
because I agree with you on all those things.
And I am a hundred percent in support of the people protesting, right?
People that are walking on the street with signs about George Floyd and black
lives matter. I'm a hundred percent in favor of that. It's the looting.
So how do you stop the looting? You've got to do something to stop the looting.
If you don't stop diluting, it is going to continue.
The thing on tear, gassing protestors, and start focusing on.
I don't think so. They started tear gassing protestors after the looting,
after all that got crazy. That's when they started cracking down on the protest.
I think it's a mistake because I don't think they're connected.
I think the people that are doing all the looting and the smashing are not the
people that are peacefully protesting.
And there's a ton of videos of people who were screaming.
There's a one video of this girl. Who's yelling at these,
these girls in front of a Starbucks that are spray painting, black lives better.
It's an African-American girl. And these white girls who sprained. She was like,
why the are you doing? They're going to blame us.
She's white. That look, that's a huge part of this whole thing,
which is that there's just upper middle-class white liberalism and their
inability. I mean, just as a whole element of white guilt and so much more,
there's an entire industrial, um,
industrial complex set up to make white people and upper middle class white
people in particular feel uncomfortable,
condemning looting and violence in this particular scenario,
even though everybody agrees with you, Joe, I mean,
pretty much everybody is like, yeah, protests are fine. Looting is bad.
Protests have been great. Right. And what happened to George Floyd was up.
That's like 1, 2, 3 90 5% of the people in this,
in this country would agree with something like that.
And so that's why I think that, that, I mean, look,
that that shows you that there is again, a political weight to be forged here,
which is like, like you said,
nobody thinks that this is nobody was defending George Floyd.
What has been interesting is that these riots have not just been in the poor
neighborhood or in the black neighborhood. I mean, they have been all,
I think that's part of why people are so freaked out is they've been sort of
intentionally in the wealthy parts of town is part of what makes it
so unsettling for everyone across the board. And so, you know,
look, I, my only point is, you know, yes,
looting bad violence, bad, absolutely. All of that.
But you can't imagine that the military is an answer to the situation that.
Yeah. I don't know what the answer is, but when people see the chaos and the,
the randomness of it all, that's,
what's really frightening when people saw what was happening,
happening in Minneapolis as a direct result of a bad cop,
killing a man that was handcuffed and not a threat whatsoever, then people say,
okay, I get these people.
But then when you see them smashing windows and Beverly Hills, you're like,
what the does this have to do with George Floyd? Yeah.
Like what is going on here? And how are you justifying this? And they're not.
But that's the thing is it's not just a bad one bad cop or even just
policing. Right. I mean, let's remember right. It wasn't just one bad guy there,
three other guys just standing.
Around watching. Sure. But.
What I'm saying is that's why the spread across the country is because the
grievances aren't specific. That was the, that was the flashpoint.
But the grievances are not just specific to that one.
Marches and protests not smashing the windows of target, you know? And they did,
they did a target right down the street from here.
Like what the does that have to do with anything?
And it's do nothing it has to do with lawlessness.
And that's do with people taking advantage of the situation.
And escalating also, it's probably exciting people,
people who have been locked up and bored as,
and all of a sudden they got something, look,
it is in many ways similar to war. And this is why,
because when people are, they have a real cause and when war is going on,
there's a lot of people that I know that have served overseas.
And one of the hard kind of scary truth is that some of the best times of their
life. Yeah. I have a Sebastian younger wrote a great book about it called tribe.
It's a fantastic book that really gets to the psychology of it. And you know,
this is a guy who was over there for long periods of time as a journalist,
when you are involved in this and you feel like you're fighting the good fight
and you're like, corporate America. But you know, you're 20 years old.
You believe that. You know, my friend, Bridget, fetisi, she's a,
she's a brilliant writer. And she's really hilarious. And she,
she was talking about some papers that she found that she wrote when she was 24.
And she was like, I was reading. I was like, holy. Like I was so dumb.
She was like, I was such a radical. She was like, I was like, AOC,
I satellite AOC. But I'm looking back, back at it now as a grown,
grown woman going, what the was I doing? What was I thinking?
I think that's what you're dealing with. A lot of these idealistic kids,
they think they're going to tear it all down and burn to the ground,
but they don't know where their their cell phone comes from.
They don't know who makes their sneakers. They don't know what it,
what it costs to keep the electricity on. They have no foot,
they have no shoe in the game.
A lot. I mean, but a lot of, a lot of those young people though, I mean, look,
what is their life been? And they're graduating from high school.
They're graduating from college. They know very well what the,
what the cost is and what the rent is and what it looks like for them in their
life going forward.
And that's exactly why where that hopelessness and nihilism comes from in this.
Great video. And I've talked about this before, but I'll say it again,
have a Flint sheriff from Flint, Michigan talking to these people and saying,
look, I'm going to put the Baton down. We're going to,
we're going to March with you.
The answer is that is the answer as opposed to military cause that, that,
and what did that lead to that deescalated escalated that led to less.
That's not looting, right? That doesn't stop. Not while there's looting. He's,
he's immediately.
As a result of that approach rather than crack down, tear gas,
rubber bullets, you know, in this contentious us versus them. And the, you know,
in the militarization, all of that, that approach led to.
I agree with you,
but all that approach that the crackdown tear gas happened after the looting.
That's the, that's the impetus for it.
It's not like they saw these people protesting.
They were just going to start shooting,
tear gas into the first couple of protests, but that's not what we saw in here.
That's all we saw here.
The first people we saw were burning down things in Minneapolis and they allowed
that. And as Sandra was talking about like, that's,
that's really where it all took place. Seeing people get away with like that.
It's like, okay, now there's a fire of the mind. And that fire needs to be.
I know people understand this in a war context, right? Like three fires.
Like that's why we have very like strong rules of engage.
Like people understand that the way the psychology of taking on this can happen.
And that, that Minneapolis looting that target, it was a beacon.
It was a message to any of these shitheads or you're talking about like, Hey,
we can get away with this. And then night after night after night after night,
that's our fifth app. I mean, you saw I'm sure the same videos I did.
You had like organized gangs, like people with car getaway, cars,
lookouts posted on the corner, all that, where are the where's the NYP D?
And that, that is the good, that breakdown is a very precious thing.
And this is, you know, on the riots front, I mean, look Baltimore, 2015,
they had these level of riots. What happened? Massive economic destruction,
but worse than that is that police and many of the others have took a much more
risk averse approach to the way that they were going to that community.
The community is screaming for police pacifically for this reason,
which is that in the aftermath we know from many of these rides from the MLK
times and after Baltimore,
it caused massive economic destruction to these cities.
It is not a noble thing to allow this to continue.
It's actually your job as a city. I mean, there's a whole movement. I mean,
underground. Nobody wants to say this.
A lot of people don't want to live in cities now because of what happened.
First of all, LA I live in an 800 square foot apartment. You don't terrible.
This be locked down in an 800 square foot apartment.
And like the only thing you do is like go to the grocery store and you can't go
out to eat or do anything. And now I've got like being blown up in the streets,
like a couple blocks from my house. Like,
I don't really know if that's the city, life is all that enticing.
Crystal out to get your internet from the sky.
We're thinking that, which is that, Hey, you know, this.
Am I paying all this rent to live in a soulless box? And then maybe get,
you know, maybe of my get working.